[solc] Exit code 2 for exceptions. (#13633)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
* Commandline Interface: Return exit code ``2`` on uncaught exceptions.
* Commandline Interface: Add `--no-cbor-metadata` that skips CBOR metadata from getting appended at the end of the bytecode.
* Standard JSON: Add a boolean field `settings.metadata.appendCBOR` that skips CBOR metadata from getting appended at the end of the bytecode.
* Yul Optimizer: Allow replacing the previously hard-coded cleanup sequence by specifying custom steps after a colon delimiter (``:``) in the sequence string.
* Language Server: Add basic document hover support.

Bugfixes:

> * Solidity Upgrade Tool ``solidity-upgrade``: Return exit code ``2`` on uncaught exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Solidity Upgrade Tool ``solidity-upgrade``: Fix the tool returning success code on uncaught exceptions.
```

### 0.8.17 (2022-09-08)

Important Bugfixes:

> * Yul Optimizer: Prevent the incorrect removal of storage writes before calls to Yul functions that conditionally terminate the external EVM call.

Reviewer: There should actually be a space there. Not sure why, but it's like this in the whole changelog so let's not change it now. And please leave the the `Compiler Features` section as is for now. I'll fix it when I'll be sorting the changelog for the release.

Compiler Features:

> * Commandline Interface: Return exit code `2` on uncaught exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Commandline Interface: Return exit code ``2`` on uncaught exceptions.
```
